the precip jacket from Marmot is
probably one of the best-known rain
jackets on the market it's been around
for about 10 years running Marmot has
made very few changes to it over that
time it was so well done it's a
lightweight waterproof breathable very
packable raincoat so some features on
the precip jacket that make it perfect
for hiking and backpacking as well as
around town use we're going to start
with this main front zipper that you
have we've got some nice velcro closures
here hold that shut you gotta snap at
the bottom so very secure you got a full
zipper up and down the jacket and one of
the things I'd like to note here is that
Marmot does put a double storm flap on
this front zipper it's excellent at
keeping water out especially if you've
got driving rain even blowing sideways
on the side of the jacket the front
you've got to pack pockets hand pockets
one here one over here again a little
velcro tab kind of keep that shut for
you under each arm you've got a pizza
this is going to offer more ventilation
if it's hot humid out that sort of thing
works on a single zipper gives you
plenty ventilation can still open that
pit zip up even if it's raining it's
under the arm it's not going to let
water come in on each cuff we've got
soft Alaska elastic with the velcro tab
that allows for adjustment so you can
cinch that down as well or open it up if
you need a little bit more ventilation
the precip jacket uses a proprietary
waterproof breathable technology
developed by Marmot called precip dry
touch you can take a look on the inside
the jacket here and get a good look at
it it's a very soft fabric it's got a
little bit of a patterning on here so
this is a waterproof breathable it is
reinforced with ceramic particles make
it a good bit durable and you can see
the tape seaming here the marmots done
all through the jacket so this is where
you're getting that water proof from
with your full seaming here the fabric
itself is waterproof and allows for
great breathability
so one of the most fantastic features on
the precip jacket r is the hood it is a
three point adjustment system as well as
a stiffened brim so here's this nice
brim this one of these points of
adjustment is in the back here you see a
little tab this kind of hangs off the
back of the hood and there's a Velcro
piece here so by cinching this down and
you can see it kind of takes up some
fabric there it pulls the hood back off
the top of your head so if you don't
want this hanging out over your face
maybe it's not that rainy or it's not
that wet it's not that windy you can
kind of pull this back a little bit if
it's a really blustery day or the rain
is coming down in sheets you're probably
going to want to loosen that up all the
way just let that tab hang out there and
let the hood come all the way up over
your face and you get this deep hood
with this stiffened brim is really going
to keep you sheltered from wind and rain
the other two adjustment points on this
hood are going to be in the front here
and marmots done a great job of tucking
them away you'll notice you do not see
them across the front of the jacket
there's nothing there to get caught slap
you in the face when it's windy anything
like that they're tucked away underneath
here inside those storm flaps you're
going to see a cord lock on either side
with a draw cord you can pull it's going
to run through the hood and you can make
some adjustments to fit around the face
there but that lays inside those storm
flaps so again nothing on the inside of
the hood either that's going to rub
against your chin you've got a nice
piece of it's like a soft dry climate
Irial that Marmot uses against your chin
and you do have a stand-up collar inside
the jacket that's going to allow you to
give you a little bit of protection if
you're not wearing that hood as well as
you can take this hood and roll it up
use that little tab there and you'll see
on the back of the stand-up collar here
there's a little tab kind of role that
through attach it to the velcro and that
kind of cinches that hood down so across
the back of the jacket it's just
basically a really quick and easy way to
roll your hood up get it out of the way
and use that collar instead at the base
of the precip jacket you have a drawcord
hem runs the entire hem of the jacket
and you've got a single handed draw cord
toggle here to cinch that down another
feature on the pace of jacket is very
nice is it does stuff into its own
pocket so here you take a look at this
pocket unzip it and see a second zipper
on the inside this means along with this
little attachment toggle but this is the
pocket that the jacket will stuff into
then you use that internal zipper
becomes your external zipper go ahead
zip it up that's about the size it's
going to be and you've got a little tab
here if you want to go and hook it to
something and attach it to a pack but it
makes it quite packable and easy to fit
in a suitcase or a backpack
you